Here is a list of tasks to be completed in fulfilment of the Specnogram project (in no particular order):

Documentation (3 days):
1. Add architecture, entity relationship and use case UML diagrams respectively (1 day)
2. Add all tickets to the Jira board with acceptance and testing criteria, etc where applicable (2 days)

Design (11 days):
1. Login page (1 day)
2. Register & Forgot password pages with prototype (1 day)
3. Home page/ Dashboard (2 days)
4. Project flow CRUD functionality (2 days)
5. Task flow CRUD functionality (2 days)
6. Notify assignee functionality (1 day)
7. Generate Gantt chart functionality (1 day)
8. Compile and test overall prototype (1 day)

Testing (9 days):
1. Integrate Mockito and JUnit test suite with sample tests for backend (1 day)
2. Integrate Jest and Cypress test suite with sample tests for frontend (1 day)
3. Create Postman collection with sample tests for respective endpoints (1 day)
4. Integrate Sentry and OpenSearch for identifying runtime errors and logging respectively (1 day)
5. Complete backend test suite for unit testing with comprehensive coverage (1 day)
6. Complete frontend test suite for unit testing with comprehensive coverage (1 day)
7. Complete test suite for full regression testing with Cypress (3 days)

Backend Implementation (9 days):
1. Oauth2 registration, login & forgot password flows (2 days)
2. Set up Postgres database from schema fulfilment (1 day)
3. Create User, Roles, Project & Task models and controllers (1 day)
4. Create User, Roles, Project & Task services and views (2 days)
5. Restrict user functionality based on user role permissions (1 day)
6. Add and test Simple Queue Service notification system (2 days) 

Frontend Implementation (14 days):
1. Create Login & Register pages according to design (1 day)
2. Create Forgot Password page according to design and integrate with OAuth2 flow (2 days)
3. Setup Redux for state management and test pre-authentication flow (1 day)
4. Implement home page/ dashboard according to design (3 days)
5. Project flow CRUD functionality (2 days)
6. Task flow CRUD functionality (2 days)
7. Create Gantt chart view component (2 days)
8. Add notification trigger with task is assigned or status changes (1 day)

Dev Ops (9 days):
1. Create EC2, Postgres DB, OpenSearch and Simple Queue Service (SQS) resources in AWS (1 day)
2. Create and deploy dockerized container for the backend and frontend respectively (1 day)
3. Investigate and implement the best approach for enabling CD/CI given current architecture (Github workflows, Jenkins, Swarmpit?) (1 day)
4. Implement and test the best approach for enabling CD/CI (1 day)
5. Create and deploy a kubernetes cluster to the EC2 instance (2 days)
6. Investigate the best approach for separating environments for development, staging, performance and production respectively (1 day)
7. Implement the best approach for separating environments for development, staging, performance and production respectively (1 day)
8. Deploy v1.0.0 of the application to all environments including production (1 day)

As per the proposed timeline, I recommend a team of two skilled full-stack developers to complete this project.
These developers should commence independent tasks in parallel while maintaining constant communication and regularly reviewing each other's work.
Both should be proficient in GitHub branching strategies and jointly responsible for creating bugfix tickets to resolve any issues that arise.

One of the developers should specialize in frontend development, with expertise in designing visually appealing and responsive user interfaces using Figma.
This developer should also have extensive experience translating designs into code using the React framework.
Developer 1 will be responsible for the following epics: Design and Frontend Implementation.

The second full-stack developer should have strong experience with unit and regression testing frameworks such as JUnit, Mockito, Jest, and Cypress.
Test-first development is recommended to ensure the system is scalable, robust, and has minimal unforeseen bugs.
This developer should also have in-depth knowledge of Java Spring Boot, AWS hosting, and DevOps tools such as Jenkins, Docker, and Kubernetes.
Developer 2 will be responsible for the following epics: Testing, Backend Implementation, and DevOps.

Assuming a project start date of 1 May 2025 (excluding potential absences and public holidays), the project is estimated to take 5–7 weeks to complete.
The earliest the client can expect to receive version 1.0.0 of Specnogram is Monday, 9 June 2025.
An additional two weeks have been included as buffer time to accommodate unforeseen challenges and complexities in the development process.

Best regards,
Nkosi